

"We help in developing your concept of catering to a customer's needs into a full-fledged marketable product including tooling & manufacturing processes required for bringing the idea to fruition in the form of a marketable product. Lot many ideas/concepts are withered away due to lack of timely all round help in terms of rationalizing the idea so that it suits the market, bringing in expertise for building up the highly technical part of mechanical conceptualization as well as egg & industrial design & finally the intricate part of developing the tooling required to manufacture the product in a cost effective & most manufactural way. 
We do this in an all involving, iterative way to help refine & rationalize the concept as well as the rest of the supply chain that results in bringing the product to the market. Whether you are a technical entity related to the industry or just someone who has an innovative idea that he wants to refine & bring to a marketable product stage. We help them all along the journey for making your concept see the market in a most optimized way. 
We have been engaged by big industrial entities in MNC as well as domestic space to help in product design as well as design rationalization for the existing product range resulting in better product efficiency/applicability or cost reduction each of which goes a big way to fortify your product realizations from the market. 
We have also been engaged with individuals who had an innovative concept for a particular function like heat transfer/Solar energy utilization or everyday application of air cooling to ironing, vegetable/fruit processing etc. Without any technical exposure by the individual to the field of product design & manufacture, our collaboration with them has resulted in successfully building up products which are introduced in the market. 

Here is a portfolio of some of our engagements in this regard which will give you confidence of our capabilities to help you in your journey to the market. "

"Having an idea or a concept is just an initial step in the long journey of establishing a marketable product. Like any other journey, there are pitfalls & things to avoid that need to be kept in mind. This is where our involvement begins to help you realize commercial interests from your concept as well as provide adequate protection for your very own concept. Lot many times, after working hard to bring an innovative product to the market but ones it hits the market, you are confronted with bigger, better established entities that encroaches on to your concept to take away the very basic concept of your product which you had worked so hard to bring to your customers. Sometimes the way if lost due to the fact that you had an idea but do not know how to make it into a product which can be successfully marketed for commercial realization.
Our Innovation protection & patent monetization services help you in this regard. We hand hold your idea along with you to take care of the legal aspects of protecting the same by filing patents, copyrights so that whatever hard work you are going to put in further development of that idea into commercial interests is fully protected against vested interests in the market. We also walk along with you to help realize the commercial benefits of the ideas that you have generated through actual product conceptualization, design & rest of the supply chain so that the idea does not remain, well, Just an idea on paper.  
With multiple patents in our name in a relatively short span that we have started working together as a team, we have been engaged in development of our own innovative products & bringing them into the market for the consumers. These are the products which showcase our way of working right through the idea generation, down to bringing the actual product to the consumers."


"As we said in our introduction, we do walk the talk that we preach for our customers. We have extensive involvement in product developments through innovative product ideas that caters to specific customer needs. 

One such important product is an electric bicycle to help our customers with their mobility needs in a simplistic & environment friendly way. When we started working on this product, there were already imported alternatives available in the market mainly from the Chinese manufacturer with their vast scales & deep pockets & true to the tradition, there were more people advising us not to enter into the same space than those who were encouraging us to develop the idea further. 
After working hard for over two years, we successfully came out with a fully indigenous product with all the critical components like battery packs, power management systems, controlling & connectivity software’s, electric drives etc. designed & developed on our own along with the related supply chain. The product that ultimately resulted from this hard work is something that can compete with currently established products in the market as well as satisfy the needs of indigenous manufacturers who want to extend their existing product range into electric mobility, through supply of all the critical components required for such products without relying too unstable import supplies. 
If you want to check out further details of our efforts in this space, please "




"No product intended for industrial use or advanced consumer appliance can now withstand the rigors of the market without having an edge unless it has the capability to interact with the environment surrounding it & the individuals using it. This is true for any application be it advanced manufacturing or a standalone product like a food processor or an air-conditioning utility. For enabling that edge, you need to have the relevant sensory technology built into it along with controlling mechanism to enable it to take action for better suiting itself for the environment it operates into. Here comes the need for sensory technology application that helps these products interact with the surrounding & mound its performance to perform the actions with a better efficiency & with optimum results. 
If you think that sensory technology is only applicable in high tech environment, you will be pleasantly surprised to know the myriad ways in which we end up using the same advanced technology in our day to day applications. Be it the washing machine in your home which maintains optimum performance irrespective of the type & load of clothes that you are washing or auto alert mechanisms that alerts you day to day in various ways like level indicators, hazard warnings, knowing locations of things etc. 
We are involved in development of such sensory technology in the fields of mass manufacturing, intelligent storage & retrieval, locational services within your premises with greater accuracy & agricultural applications of helping farmers better manage the plat growing cycle’s right from the planning stages through the grown & final yield phases. 
Just introducing a successful products in the market is not a small achievement by itself, but maintaining the compatibility of the product in the market in the longer terms is a harder task. Be it making your existing product into a better product with more & more enriched functionalities so that it withstands the completion to expanding your product variations to fully cater to a wider spectrum of consumers & achieve overall growth from the same product segment, we help you in building contemporary capabilities into your existing product range. With more & more open borders/markets across the world trading partners, it becomes imperative that your products stays at the cutting edge of the respective functionalities to preempt attacks on your market share & to achieve growth. 
We also help our customers to enable their own products with the capabilities of sensory technology. We conceptualize the sensory technology required for improving the existing products all-round performance and also help them realize the application of the same so that the existing products can compete with the best of the categories available in the market. 

To know more about our innovations in the field of sensory technology & applications, please"
